\section{Acknowledgments}
This research is being performed using funding received from the DOE Office of
Nuclear Energy's Nuclear Energy University Program via NEUP Project 16-10512:
Demand-Driven Cycamore Archetypes. Additionally, early conception of this work was supported by 
The Program in Arms Control \& Domestic and International Security (ACDIS), an
interdisciplinary venture at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
that facilitates objective research, academics, and outreach about
international security issues within the academic and policymaking communities.

The authors would like to thank  members of Advanced Reactors and Fuel Cycles
research group (ARFC) at the University of Illinois - Urbana Champaign, in
particular Gyu Tae Park, who provided valuable code reviews and proofreading.
We also thank our colleagues from the Cyclus community, particularly those in
the University of Wisconsin Computational Nuclear Engineering Research Group
(CNERG) and the University of South Carolina Energy Research Group: Scopatz
(ERGS) who provided collaborative support in the core software, Cyclus,
enabling this work although they may not agree with all of the
interpretations/conclusions of this paper.  

The authors contributed to this work as described below.  Jin Whan Bae
conceived and designed the experiments, wrote the paper, prepared figures
and/or tables, performed the computation work, contributed to the software
product, and reviewed drafts of the paper.  Clifford E. Singer conceived and
designed the experiments and reviewed drafts of the paper.  Kathryn D. Huff
directed the work, conceived and designed the experiments, wrote the paper,
prepared figures and/or tables, contributed to the software product, and
reviewed drafts of the paper.  

